1.  **Introduction to High-Level Synthesis** Overview of high-level synthesis (HLS), the Vitis HLS tool flow, and the verification advantage. [cite: 4]
   
2.  **Vitis HLS Tool Flow** Explores the basics of high-level synthesis and the Vitis HLS tool. [cite: 5, 6]
   
3.  **Abstract Parallel Programming Model for HLS** Describes the structuring of a design at a high level using an abstract parallel programming model. [cite: 8]
   
4.  **Design Exploration with Directives** Explores different optimization techniques that can improve the design performance. [cite: 8]
   
5.  **Vitis HLS Tool Command Line Interface** Describes the Vitis HLS tool flow in command prompt mode. [cite: 5, 6]
   
6.  **Introduction to Vitis HLS Design Methodology** Introduces the methodology guidelines covered in this course and the HLS Design Methodology steps. [cite: 8]
   
7.  **Introduction to I/O Interfaces** Explains interfaces such as the block-level and port-level protocols abstracted by the Vitis HLS tool from the C design. [cite: 9]
   
8.  **Block-Level Protocols** Explains the different types of block-level protocols abstracted by the Vitis HLS tool. [cite: 10, 14]
   
9.  **Port-Level I/O Protocols** Describes the port-level interface protocols abstracted by the Vitis HLS tool from the C design. [cite: 10, 15]
   
10.  **AXI Adapter Interface Protocols** Explains the different AXI interfaces (such as AXI4-Master, AXI4-Lite (Slave), and AXI4-Stream) supported by the Vitis HLS tool. [cite: 10]
   
11.  **Port-Level I/O Protocols: Memory Interfaces** Describes the memory interface port-level protocols (such as block RAM and FIFO) abstracted by the Vitis HLS tool from the C design. [cite: 11, 16]
   
12.  **Pipeline for Performance: PIPELINE** Describes the PIPELINE directive for improving the throughput of a design. [cite: 11, 17]
   
13.  **Pipeline for Performance: DATAFLOW** Describes the DATAFLOW directive for improving the throughput of a design by pipelining the functions to execute as soon as possible. [cite: 11, 18]
   
14.  **Optimizing for Throughput** Identify the performance limitations caused by arrays in your design. [cite: 11, 19] You will also explore optimization techniques to handle arrays for improving performance. [cite: 20]
   
15.  **Optimizing for Latency: Default Behavior** Describes the default behavior of the Vitis HLS tool on latency and throughput. [cite: 11, 15]
   
16.  **Optimizing for Latency: Reducing Latency** Describes how to optimize the C design to improve latency. [cite: 12]
   
17.  **Optimizing for Area and Logic** Describes different methods for improving resource utilization and explains how some of the directives have impact on the area utilization. [cite: 12, 21]
   
18.  **Migrating to the Vitis HLS Tool** Reviews key considerations when moving from the Vivado HLS tool to the Vitis HLS tool. [cite: 12]
   
19.  **Vitis HLS Tool C++ Libraries: Arbitrary Precision** Describes Vitis HLS tool support for the C/C++ languages as well as arbitrary precision data types. [cite: 13, 23]
   
20.  **Hardware Modeling** Describes hardware modeling with streaming data types and shift register implementation using the ap\_shift\_reg class. [cite: 13]
   
21.  **Using Pointers in the Vitis HLS Tool** Explains the use of pointers in the design and workarounds for some of the limitations. [cite: 13]
